Revamp of the launch tutorials. (#2930)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Intermediate/Launch/Creating-Launch-Files.rst

As always, don’t forget to source ROS 2 in :doc:`every new terminal you open <../../Beginner-CLI-Tools/Configuring-ROS2-Environment>`.

Background
----------

The launch system in ROS 2 is responsible for helping the user describe the configuration of their system and then execute it as described.

> The configuration of the system includes what programs to run, where to run them, what arguments to pass them, and ROS specific conventions which make it easy to reuse components throughout the system by giving them each different configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration of the system includes what programs to run, where to run them, what arguments to pass them, and ROS-specific conventions which make it easy to reuse components throughout the system by giving them each different configuration.
```

Author: Fixed in 54abfad.

          <remap from="/output/cmd_vel" to="/turtlesim2/turtle1/cmd_vel"/>
        </node>
      </launch>

  .. group-tab:: YAML

    Copy and paste the complete code into the ``launch/turtlesim_mimic_launch.yaml`` file:

    .. code-block:: yaml

      launch:

      - node:
          pkg: "turtlesim"
          exec: "turtlesim_node"
          name: "sim"
          namespace: "turtlesim1"

      - node:
          pkg: "turtlesim"
          exec: "turtlesim_node"
          name: "sim"
          namespace: "turtlesim2"

      - node:
          pkg: "turtlesim"
          exec: "mimic"
          name: "mimic"
          remap:
          -
              from: "/input/pose"
              to: "/turtlesim1/turtle1/pose"
          -
              from: "/output/cmd_vel"
              to: "/turtlesim2/turtle1/cmd_vel"

2.1 Examine the launch file
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

All of the launch files above are launching a system of three nodes, all from the ``turtlesim`` package.
The goal of the system is to launch two turtlesim windows, and have one turtle mimic the movements of the other.

When launching the two turtlesim nodes, the only difference between them is their namespace values.

> Unique namespaces allow the system to start two nodes without node name nor topic name conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unique namespaces allow the system to start two nodes without node name or topic name conflicts.
```

Author: Fixed in 54abfad.

Both turtles in this system receive commands over the same topic and publish their pose over the same topic.

> Without unique namespaces, there would be no way to distinguish between messages meant for one turtle or the other.

Reviewer: I think that sentence could be made simpler, like this for example
```suggestion
Unique namespaces allow to distinguish between messages meant for different turtles.
```

Author: Fixed in 54abfad.
